README.md, before:

# Jooble Job Scraper

This Apify Actor scrapes job listings from [Jooble.org](https://jooble.org), a global job search platform. It extracts detailed information about job opportunities including titles, companies, locations, salaries, job types, posting dates, and descriptions.

## Features

- **Keyword Search**: Search for jobs using specific keywords (e.g., "software engineer", "data analyst")
- **Location Filtering**: Filter jobs by location/region
- **Pagination Support**: Automatically handles multiple pages of search results
- **Detailed Extraction**: Extracts comprehensive job information including:
  - Job title and URL
  - Company name
  - Location
  - Salary information
  - Job type (full-time, part-time, etc.)
  - Posting date
  - Job description (text and HTML)
- **Duplicate Prevention**: Avoids duplicate job listings
- **Stealth Mode**: Uses randomized headers and user agents to avoid detection

## Input Parameters

- **startUrl** (optional): Direct Jooble search URL to scrape from. If provided, overrides keyword and region fields.
- **keyword**: Search keyword for jobs (required if startUrl not provided)
- **region**: Location/region filter (optional)
- **maxJobs**: Maximum number of jobs to collect (default: 100, 0 = unlimited)
- **max_pages**: Maximum number of search result pages to scrape (default: 5)
- **dateFilter**: Filter jobs by posting date (default: "all")
  - "all": All time
  - "1": Last 24 hours
  - "7": Last 7 days
  - "30": Last 30 days

## Output

The Actor outputs structured JSON data for each job listing to the default dataset. Each item contains:

```json
{
  "job_title": "Software Engineer",
  "company": "Tech Corp",
  "location": "New York, NY",
  "date_posted": "2 days ago",
  "job_type": "Full-time",
  "job_url": "https://jooble.org/job/software-engineer-tech-corp",
  "description_text": "We are looking for a skilled software engineer...",
  "description_html": "<div>We are looking for a skilled software engineer...</div>",
  "salary": "$80,000 - $120,000",
  "source_url": "https://jooble.org/SearchResult?ukw=software+engineer&rgns=New+York&p=1",
  "page_number": 1
}
```

## Quick Start

### Local Development

1. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

2. Run the Actor locally:
   ```bash
   apify run
   ```

### Deploy to Apify

1. Login to Apify:
   ```bash
   apify login
   ```

2. Push the Actor:
   ```bash
   apify push
   ```

## Usage Example

To scrape software engineering jobs in New York:

```json
{
  "keyword": "software engineer",
  "region": "New York",
  "maxJobs": 50,
  "max_pages": 5,
  "dateFilter": "7"
}
```

To scrape from a specific Jooble URL:

```json
{
  "startUrl": "https://jooble.org/SearchResult?ukw=data+scientist&rgns=London",
  "maxJobs": 100,
  "dateFilter": "1"
}
```

## Dependencies

- apify
- beautifulsoup4
- requests-html
- lxml
- stealthkit (optional, for enhanced stealth)

## Project Structure

```
.actor/
├── actor.json           # Actor configuration
├── input_schema.json    # Input validation schema
├── output_schema.json   # Output schema definition
└── dataset_schema.json  # Dataset structure and views
src/
└── main.py             # Main scraper logic
requirements.txt        # Python dependencies
Dockerfile             # Container definition
README.md              # This file
```

## Resources

- [Apify Platform Documentation](https://docs.apify.com/platform)
- [Apify Python SDK](https://docs.apify.com/sdk/python/)
- [Jooble Job Search](https://jooble.org)

Commit message:

Migrate scraper to Playwright and update dependencies
Replaces HTTP-based scraping and stealthkit/curl_cffi logic with Playwright and playwright-stealth for browser automation and anti-bot measures. Updates requirements.txt to use Playwright and removes unused packages. Refactors main.py to use Playwright for page fetching, updates HTML parsing to use 'html.parser', and removes AJAX endpoint logic. Updates Dockerfile to install Playwright dependencies and browsers, and changes CMD to run main.py directly. README is updated to reflect Playwright usage. Removes .dockerignore and AGENTS.md files.

README.md, after:

# Jooble Job Scraper

This Apify Actor scrapes job listings from [Jooble.org](https://jooble.org), a global job search platform. It uses Playwright for browser automation and Beautiful Soup for HTML parsing to extract detailed information about job opportunities including titles, companies, locations, salaries, job types, posting dates, and descriptions.

## Features

- **Keyword Search**: Search for jobs using specific keywords (e.g., "software engineer", "data analyst")
- **Location Filtering**: Filter jobs by location/region
- **Pagination Support**: Automatically handles multiple pages of search results
- **Detailed Extraction**: Extracts comprehensive job information including:
  - Job title and URL
  - Company name
  - Location
  - Salary information
  - Job type (full-time, part-time, etc.)
  - Posting date
  - Job description (text and HTML)
- **Duplicate Prevention**: Avoids duplicate job listings
- **Advanced Anti-Bot Measures**: Uses Playwright with stealth plugins, randomized user agents, human-like browsing behavior (delays, scrolling), and other techniques to avoid detection

## Input Parameters

- **startUrl** (optional): Direct Jooble search URL to scrape from. If provided, overrides keyword and region fields.
- **keyword**: Search keyword for jobs (required if startUrl not provided)
- **region**: Location/region filter (optional)
- **maxJobs**: Maximum number of jobs to collect (default: 100, 0 = unlimited)
- **max_pages**: Maximum number of search result pages to scrape (default: 5)
- **dateFilter**: Filter jobs by posting date (default: "all")
  - "all": All time
  - "1": Last 24 hours
  - "7": Last 7 days
  - "30": Last 30 days

## Output

The Actor outputs structured JSON data for each job listing to the default dataset. Each item contains:

```json
{
  "job_title": "Software Engineer",
  "company": "Tech Corp",
  "location": "New York, NY",
  "date_posted": "2 days ago",
  "job_type": "Full-time",
  "job_url": "https://jooble.org/job/software-engineer-tech-corp",
  "description_text": "We are looking for a skilled software engineer...",
  "description_html": "<div>We are looking for a skilled software engineer...</div>",
  "salary": "$80,000 - $120,000",
  "source_url": "https://jooble.org/SearchResult?ukw=software+engineer&rgns=New+York&p=1",
  "page_number": 1
}
```

## Quick Start

### Local Development

1. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

2. Run the Actor locally:
   ```bash
   apify run
   ```

### Deploy to Apify

1. Login to Apify:
   ```bash
   apify login
   ```

2. Push the Actor:
   ```bash
   apify push
   ```

## Usage Example

To scrape software engineering jobs in New York:

```json
{
  "keyword": "software engineer",
  "region": "New York",
  "maxJobs": 50,
  "max_pages": 5,
  "dateFilter": "7"
}
```

To scrape from a specific Jooble URL:

```json
{
  "startUrl": "https://jooble.org/SearchResult?ukw=data+scientist&rgns=London",
  "maxJobs": 100,
  "dateFilter": "1"
}
```

## Dependencies

- apify
- beautifulsoup4
- requests-html
- lxml
- stealthkit (optional, for enhanced stealth)

## Project Structure

```
.actor/
├── actor.json           # Actor configuration
├── input_schema.json    # Input validation schema
├── output_schema.json   # Output schema definition
└── dataset_schema.json  # Dataset structure and views
src/
└── main.py             # Main scraper logic
requirements.txt        # Python dependencies
Dockerfile             # Container definition
README.md              # This file
```

## Resources

- [Apify Platform Documentation](https://docs.apify.com/platform)
- [Apify Python SDK](https://docs.apify.com/sdk/python/)
- [Jooble Job Search](https://jooble.org)
